bitbucket.org/bertimus9/systemstat (MIT) https://bitbucket.org/bertimus9/systemstat
https://bitbucket.org/bertimus9/systemstat/src/master/LICENSE

github.com/OneOfOne/xxhash (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/OneOfOne/xxhash
https://github.com/OneOfOne/xxhash/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/armon/go-metrics (MIT) https://github.com/armon/go-metrics
https://github.com/armon/go-metrics/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/cenkalti/backoff (MIT) https://github.com/cenkalti/backoff
https://github.com/cenkalti/backoff/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/davecgh/go-spew (ISC) https://github.com/davecgh/go-spew
https://github.com/davecgh/go-spew/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang (EPL 2.0) https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang
https://github.com/eclipse/paho.mqtt.golang/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/edgexfoundry/device-sdk-go/v3 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/device-sdk-go/v3
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/device-sdk-go/v3/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-bootstrap/v3 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-bootstrap/v3
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-bootstrap/v3/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration/v3 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration/v3
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-configuration/v3/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/v3 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/v3
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/v3/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging/v3 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging/v3
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-messaging/v3/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry/v3 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry/v3
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-registry/v3/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets/v3 (Apache 2.0) https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets/v3
https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-secrets/v3/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/fatih/color (MIT) https://github.com/fatih/color
https://github.com/fatih/color/blob/master/LICENSE.md

github.com/fxamacker/cbor/v2 (MIT) https://github.com/fxamacker/cbor
https://github.com/fxamacker/cbor/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-kit/kit (MIT) https://github.com/go-kit/kit
https://github.com/go-kit/kit/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-logfmt/logfmt (MIT) https://github.com/go-logfmt/logfmt
https://github.com/go-logfmt/logfmt/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-playground/locales (MIT) https://github.com/go-playground/locales
https://github.com/go-playground/locales/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-playground/universal-translator (MIT) https://github.com/go-playground/universal-translator
https://github.com/go-playground/universal-translator/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-playground/validator/v10 (MIT) https://github.com/go-playground/validator
https://github.com/go-playground/validator/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-redis/redis/v7 (BSD-2) https://github.com/go-redis/redis/v7
https://github.com/go-redis/redis/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/go-stack/stack (MIT) https://github.com/go-stack/stack
https://github.com/go-stack/stack/blob/master/LICENSE.md

github.com/google/uuid (BSD-3) https://github.com/google/uuid
https://github.com/google/uuid/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/gopcua/opcua (MIT) https://github.com/gopcua/opcua
https://github.com/gopcua/opcua/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/gorilla/mux (BSD-3) https://github.com/gorilla/mux
https://github.com/gorilla/mux/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/gorilla/websocket (BSD-2) https://github.com/gorilla/websocket
https://github.com/gorilla/websocket/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/hashicorp/consul/api (MPL 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/consul
https://github.com/hashicorp/consul/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp (MPL 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-cleanhttp/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog (MIT) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-hclog/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix (MPL 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-immutable-radix/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts (MPL 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts
https://github.com/hashicorp/go-rootcerts/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru (MPL 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru
https://github.com/hashicorp/golang-lru/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/hashicorp/serf (MPL 2.0) https://github.com/hashicorp/serf
https://github.com/hashicorp/serf/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/kr/logfmt (MIT) https://github.com/kr/logfmt
https://github.com/kr/logfmt/blob/main/LICENSE

github.com/leodido/go-urn (MIT) https://github.com/leodido/go-urn
https://github.com/leodido/go-urn/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/mattn/go-colorable (MIT) https://github.com/mattn/go-colorable
https://github.com/mattn/go-colorable/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/mattn/go-isatty (MIT) https://github.com/mattn/go-isatty
https://github.com/mattn/go-isatty/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/mitchellh/consulstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/consulstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/consulstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/mitchellh/copystructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/copystructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/copystructure/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir
https://github.com/mitchellh/go-homedir/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure
https://github.com/mitchellh/mapstructure/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk (MIT) https://github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk
https://github.com/mitchellh/reflectwalk/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/pebbe/zmq4 (BSD-2) https://github.com/pebbe/zmq4
https://github.com/pebbe/zmq4/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

github.com/pelletier/go-toml (MIT) https://github.com/pelletier/go-toml
https://github.com/pelletier/go-toml/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/pkg/errors (BSD-2) https://github.com/pkg/errors
https://github.com/pkg/errors/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/pmezard/go-difflib (MIT) https://github.com/pmezard/go-difflib
https://github.com/pmezard/go-difflib/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/spf13/cast (MIT) https://github.com/spf13/cast
https://github.com/spf13/cast/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/stretchr/testify (MIT) https://github.com/stretchr/testify
https://github.com/stretchr/testify/blob/master/LICENSE

github.com/x448/float16 (MIT) https://github.com/x448/float16
https://github.com/x448/float16/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/crypto (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/crypto
https://github.com/golang/crypto/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/net (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/net
https://github.com/golang/net/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/sys (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/sys
https://github.com/golang/sys/blob/master/LICENSE

golang.org/x/text (Unspecified) https://github.com/golang/text
https://github.com/golang/text/blob/master/LICENSE

gopkg.in/yaml.v2 (MIT) https://github.com/gopkg.in/yaml.v2
https://github.com/go-yaml/yaml/blob/v2/master/LICENSE

gopkg.in/yaml.v3 (Unspecified) https://github.com/gopkg.in/yaml.v3
https://github.com/gopkg.in/yaml.v3/blob/master/LICENSE

